[Notifier] Add bridge for smsc.ru (#15536)
symfony/symfony-docs: notifier.rst

.. versionadded:: 5.4

>     The MessageMedia and Smsc integration was introduced in Symfony 5.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The MessageMedia and Smsc integrations were introduced in Symfony 5.4.
```

Reviewer: I fixed this while merging
